README.md, before:

<img alt="React Native Login Screen" src="assets/logo.png" width="1050"/>

[![Battle Tested ✅](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Battle--Tested%20%E2%9C%85-03666e?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/WrathChaos/react-native-login-screen)

[![One Line of Code to Plug & Play | Fully Customizable Beautiful React Native Login Screen](https://img.shields.io/badge/-One%20Line%20of%20Code%20to%20Plug%20%26%20Play%20%7C%20Fully%20Customizable%20Beautiful%20React%20Native%20Login%20Screen-lightgrey?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/WrathChaos/react-native-login-screen)

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/react-native-login-screen.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-login-screen)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/react-native-login-screen.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-login-screen)
![Platform - Android and iOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-Android%20%7C%20iOS-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

<p align="center">
  <img alt="React Native Login Screen" src="assets/Screenshots/react-native-login-screen.gif"  height="650" />
</p>

# 🥳 Version 3

Version 3 with the complete new UI

- Whole new UI / UX
- Simplistic Design
- Better Code Quality
- Fully Customizable
- Ready to use `SocialButton` Component
- Removed unstable dependencies
- `Only ONE dependency` is needed

## Installation

Add the dependency:

```js
npm i react-native-login-screen
```

## Peer Dependencies

###### IMPORTANT! You need install them.

```js
npm i react-native-text-input-interactive
```

```js
"react-native-text-input-interactive": ">= 0.1.3"
```

## Import

```js
import LoginScreen from "react-native-login-screen";
```

# Usage

```jsx
<LoginScreen
  logoImageSource={require("./assets/logo-example.png")}
  onLoginPress={() => {}}
  onHaveAccountPress={() => {}}
  onEmailChange={(email: string) => {}}
  onPasswordChange={(password: string) => {}}
/>
```

## Usage with Social Button

Of course you can put any `children` into the LoginScreen, I recommend you to use `SocialButton`.

```jsx
import LoginScreen, { SocialButton } from "react-native-login-screen";

<LoginScreen
  logoImageSource={require("./assets/logo-example.png")}
  onLoginPress={() => {}}
  onHaveAccountPress={() => {}}
  onEmailChange={(email: string) => {}}
  onPasswordChange={(password: string) => {}}
>
  <SocialButton text="Continue with Google" onPress={() => {}} />
  <SocialButton
    text="Continue with Facebook"
    imageSource={require("./assets/social/facebook.png")}
    onPress={() => {}}
  />
  <SocialButton
    text="Continue with Twitter"
    imageSource={require("./assets/social/twitter.png")}
    onPress={() => {}}
  />
</LoginScreen>;
```

## Configuration - Props

### Fundamentals

| Property           |   Type   |  Default  | Description                                                        |
| ------------------ | :------: | :-------: | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| onLoginPress       | function | undefined | set your own function when the `login button` is pressed           |
| onHaveAccountPress | function | undefined | set your own function when the `have an account button` is pressed |
| onEmailChange      | function | undefined | set your own function when `email` textinput has a change          |
| onPasswordChange   | function | undefined | set your own function when `password` textinput has a change       |
| logoImageSource    |  source  | undefined | set your own logo                                                  |

### Customizations (Optional)

| Property                |    Type    |          Default           | Description                                         |
| ----------------------- | :--------: | :------------------------: | --------------------------------------------------- |
| haveAccountText         |   string   | "Already have an account?" | change the have account text                        |
| disableDivider          |  boolean   |           false            | disable the divider if you do not want to use it    |
| disableSocialButtons    |  boolean   |           false            | disable the all social buttons                      |
| style                   | ViewStyle  |          default           | set/override the default style for the container    |
| dividerStyle            | ViewStyle  |          default           | set/override the default divider style              |
| logoImageStyle          | ImageStyle |          default           | set/override the default image style                |
| textInputContainerStyle | ViewStyle  |          default           | set/override the default text input container style |
| loginButtonStyle        | ViewStyle  |          default           | set/override the default login button style         |
| loginTextStyle          | TextStyle  |          default           | set/override the default login text style           |
| haveAccountButtonStyle  | ViewStyle  |          default           | set/override the default have account button style  |
| haveAccountTextStyle    | TextStyle  |          default           | set/override the default have account text style    |

### Default Social Login Buttons (Optional)

| Property        |   Type   |  Default  | Description                                                  |
| --------------- | :------: | :-------: | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| onFacebookPress | function | undefined | set your own function for the `Facebook` social button press |
| onTwitterPress  | function | undefined | set your own function for the `Twitter` social button press  |
| onApplePress    | function | undefined | set your own function for the `Apple` social button press    |
| onDiscordPress  | function | undefined | set your own function for the `Discord` social button press  |

### Roadmap

- [x] ~~LICENSE~~
- [x] ~~Android Design Bug Fixes~~
- [x] ~~Configuration - Props COMING SOON~~
- [x] ~~Typescript Challenge!~~
- [x] ~~Remove some dependencies~~
- [x] ~~Better TextField Library Integration~~
- [ ] Write an article about the lib on Medium
- [ ] Write an article about the lib on DevTO

## Credits

For the awesome photo thanks to [jcob nasyr from Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/photos/67sVPjK6Q7I)

## Author

FreakyCoder, kurayogun@gmail.com

## License

React Native Login Screen is available under the MIT license. See the LICENSE file for more info.

Commit message:

docs: Version 2 is still available

README.md, after:

<img alt="React Native Login Screen" src="assets/logo.png" width="1050"/>

[![Battle Tested ✅](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Battle--Tested%20%E2%9C%85-03666e?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/WrathChaos/react-native-login-screen)

[![One Line of Code to Plug & Play | Fully Customizable Beautiful React Native Login Screen](https://img.shields.io/badge/-One%20Line%20of%20Code%20to%20Plug%20%26%20Play%20%7C%20Fully%20Customizable%20Beautiful%20React%20Native%20Login%20Screen-lightgrey?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/WrathChaos/react-native-login-screen)

[![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/react-native-login-screen.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-login-screen)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/react-native-login-screen.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-native-login-screen)
![Platform - Android and iOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-Android%20%7C%20iOS-blue.svg?style=for-the-badge)
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

<p align="center">
  <img alt="React Native Login Screen" src="assets/Screenshots/react-native-login-screen.gif"  height="650" />
</p>

# 🥳 Version 3

Version 3 with the completely new UI

- Whole new UI / UX
- Simplistic Design
- Better Code Quality
- Fully Customizable
- Ready to use `SocialButton` Component
- Removed unstable dependencies
- `Only ONE dependency` is needed

## Installation

Add the dependency:

```js
npm i react-native-login-screen
```

## Peer Dependencies

###### IMPORTANT! You need install them.

```js
npm i react-native-text-input-interactive
```

```js
"react-native-text-input-interactive": ">= 0.1.3"
```

## Import

```js
import LoginScreen from "react-native-login-screen";
```

# Usage

```jsx
<LoginScreen
  logoImageSource={require("./assets/logo-example.png")}
  onLoginPress={() => {}}
  onHaveAccountPress={() => {}}
  onEmailChange={(email: string) => {}}
  onPasswordChange={(password: string) => {}}
/>
```

## Usage with Social Button

Of course you can put any `children` into the LoginScreen, I recommend you to use `SocialButton`.

```jsx
import LoginScreen, { SocialButton } from "react-native-login-screen";

<LoginScreen
  logoImageSource={require("./assets/logo-example.png")}
  onLoginPress={() => {}}
  onHaveAccountPress={() => {}}
  onEmailChange={(email: string) => {}}
  onPasswordChange={(password: string) => {}}
>
  <SocialButton text="Continue with Google" onPress={() => {}} />
  <SocialButton
    text="Continue with Facebook"
    imageSource={require("./assets/social/facebook.png")}
    onPress={() => {}}
  />
  <SocialButton
    text="Continue with Twitter"
    imageSource={require("./assets/social/twitter.png")}
    onPress={() => {}}
  />
</LoginScreen>;
```

## Configuration - Props

### Fundamentals

| Property           |   Type   |  Default  | Description                                                        |
| ------------------ | :------: | :-------: | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| onLoginPress       | function | undefined | set your own function when the `login button` is pressed           |
| onHaveAccountPress | function | undefined | set your own function when the `have an account button` is pressed |
| onEmailChange      | function | undefined | set your own function when `email` textinput has a change          |
| onPasswordChange   | function | undefined | set your own function when `password` textinput has a change       |
| logoImageSource    |  source  | undefined | set your own logo                                                  |

### Customizations (Optional)

| Property                |    Type    |          Default           | Description                                         |
| ----------------------- | :--------: | :------------------------: | --------------------------------------------------- |
| haveAccountText         |   string   | "Already have an account?" | change the have account text                        |
| disableDivider          |  boolean   |           false            | disable the divider if you do not want to use it    |
| disableSocialButtons    |  boolean   |           false            | disable the all social buttons                      |
| style                   | ViewStyle  |          default           | set/override the default style for the container    |
| dividerStyle            | ViewStyle  |          default           | set/override the default divider style              |
| logoImageStyle          | ImageStyle |          default           | set/override the default image style                |
| textInputContainerStyle | ViewStyle  |          default           | set/override the default text input container style |
| loginButtonStyle        | ViewStyle  |          default           | set/override the default login button style         |
| loginTextStyle          | TextStyle  |          default           | set/override the default login text style           |
| haveAccountButtonStyle  | ViewStyle  |          default           | set/override the default have account button style  |
| haveAccountTextStyle    | TextStyle  |          default           | set/override the default have account text style    |

### Default Social Login Buttons (Optional)

| Property        |   Type   |  Default  | Description                                                  |
| --------------- | :------: | :-------: | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| onFacebookPress | function | undefined | set your own function for the `Facebook` social button press |
| onTwitterPress  | function | undefined | set your own function for the `Twitter` social button press  |
| onApplePress    | function | undefined | set your own function for the `Apple` social button press    |
| onDiscordPress  | function | undefined | set your own function for the `Discord` social button press  |

# Version 2 is still available

if you do not like the new design, you can still use the old design :)

<p align="center">
  <img alt="React Native Login Screen" src="assets/Screenshots/react-native-login-screen-v2.gif"  height="650" />
</p>

```js
npm i react-native-login-screen@2.1.4
```

### Roadmap

- [x] ~~LICENSE~~
- [x] ~~Android Design Bug Fixes~~
- [x] ~~Configuration - Props COMING SOON~~
- [x] ~~Typescript Challenge!~~
- [x] ~~Remove some dependencies~~
- [x] ~~Better TextField Library Integration~~
- [ ] Write an article about the lib on Medium
- [ ] Write an article about the lib on DevTO

## Credits

For the awesome photo thanks to [jcob nasyr from Unsplash](https://unsplash.com/photos/67sVPjK6Q7I)

## Author

FreakyCoder, kurayogun@gmail.com

## License

React Native Login Screen is available under the MIT license. See the LICENSE file for more info.
